CZI Blogpost (#259)
MDAnalysis/MDAnalysis.github.io: _posts/2022-11-10-CZI_EOSS5.md

title: MDAnalysis CZI EOSS 5 Grant: Outreach and Project Manager
---

We are happy to announce that MDAnalysis has been awarded a grant from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative as part of the [Essential Open Source Software for Science][] program: “EOSS5: Growing the MDAnalysis community sustainably: A dedicated project manager, teaching and outreach initiatives”. 

The MDAnalysis organisation strongly believes that engaging in outreach, mentoring and teaching is key to its mission of being the leading software package for molecular simulation analysis in Python.

This 2-year grant will enable us to hire a full-time community, outreach, and project manager to extend our teaching and mentoring commitments and engage with the molecular simulation community across academia and industry.

Over the next two years, our key deliverables include:
- Increasing our participation in outreach activities

> - Organising 2 user group meetings (UGMs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Organising user group meetings (UGMs)
```
Do we need to be specific?

- Hosting a series of online teaching workshops (3 per year)

> - Networking with other software projects in the molecular simulation space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Networking with other software projects within and outside the molecular simulation space
```
Kinda thinking if we need to work with file storage folks that might be outside mol sim?

> - Engaging with industrial partners towards opening additional funding streams for the project  

Reviewer: This seems like a lot to telegraph out to the world, are we ok with that?
